Update QualysFIM events and incidents API endpoints to V2 and V3 (#37188)
demisto/content: Packs/QualysFIM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_34.md

#### Integrations

##### Qualys FIM

> Update all usages of the unsupported API V1 to the new API V2 and V3. The changes affect the integration instance "Test" button and the ***qualys-fim-event-get*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for QualysFIM API v2 & v3, changes apply the instance test button and the ***qualys-fim-event-get*** command.
```

Author: Fixed in commit c264c71294807bac2a29bc298d788fb475d0dd1b
